Update ROS2 links to reflect move to o3de-extras (#217)
o3de/ROSConDemo: kraken_nav/README.md

## Installation ##

- Use the [development](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/tree/development) branch of the `O3DE`.
- Use the the [development](https://github.com/o3de/o3de-extras/tree/development) branch of the `o3de-extras`.

> - Use the [main](https://github.com/aws-lumberyard/ROSConDemo) branch of the `ROSConDemo`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the [development](https://github.com/o3de/ROSConDemo) branch of the `ROSConDemo`.
```
